Pamehac:

Interaction term - did I do the percent differences right.

Write and produce graphs.  Compare with what Kristin has done.  Kristin made a lot of figures but there's lots of redundancy.  See what is of value and reproduce.  I did the Density/biomass v Year with above and below as jittered CIs.
- Just do the all salmonids graph.
- need to supress x and y axis and legend as required for main fig


ToDo: 
Consolidate sites (5 and 8)??  What about 9?? Eliminate "5B" - waiting on Kristin to reply.  Have moved ahead with making the code.  
Check AS diagnostics before proceeding



Note:  
I think that many of the conclusions about electrofishing should be consisdered Pamehac only.  The other sites may 'behave' better.  I also need to follow up on the suggestion by Scott Reid that catchability estimates are something that a lit review would provide valuable info on and this could form the basis for a strong prior.


Good reference:
Tables in R: https://glin.github.io/reactable/articles/examples.html#column-formatting
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/kableExtra/vignettes/awesome_table_in_html.html#Grouped_Columns__Rows


Done (sometimes, I delete these):
Then, create some nice tables like in notes (year x species-age wiht sites, total catch, sites with < 5, and more than three passes. 
Also, tabulations of T by year and species - done but get into a nice table; done; reorg so colum titles look nice in test tab: done
Looked at 5 sweeps and talk to Curtis/Clarke: done

Need a real total for Sites:Years:species - got this in df_tab2 which includes sites with only captures in sweep 1
Neil - location of dams - its just the diversion below Station 8
Proceed with T - see ReadMe for discussion
# Scale by pool size for analyses as required
Also, need to do a summary of why going with T and not all the other approaches
Get the sites below the stream diversion - emial sent to Kristin. - not sure if this is needed.


Assume that 5 passes were made in all streams 1990, 1991, 1996 - need to find out if this is the case as some of the language in Scruton and Gibson suggests otherwise.  Scruton et al. 1998 says minimum of 4 passes. CHECK THIS!!! Based on the data that I have, there were 18 cases where there were > 3 passes (all in 1990, 1991, 1996).  There were none in 1992 (not sure why) and Clarke said that by 2015, it was decided that > 3 passes was a waste of time.

Retabulate all to take into account NA could mean no fish or no effort.  NA means no fish at a Station where some fish were caught during a Sweep per species per year.  A blank line means that no fish of a given species were caught at that station in a given year.  df_a should account for this: if there was no effort, then there should be no row.  But if there was effort and there was a zero, then we need a row to account for this.  This is why we have hurdle models.

Reconcile with Scruton - WTF did he do???  See if Kristin got similar numbers.  I spent a lot of time on this.  
I asked Clarke about something Scruton may have done that may have been a little shady - he said he wasn't surprised but I can't remember what it was. 
Check numbers against Scruton without zeros.  See ReadMe for all of these.

Kristin - binders to figure out location of dams and electrofishing - not sure if this is needed.  We didn't find anything.

Run ASYOY with binomial since ziGamma's aren't working nor is Tweedie. An interaction term cannot be used for ASYOY for Pamehac for the simple reason that there is no values for before:below:abun>1 and therefore, its inappropriate to use an interaction term in the model.  This explains why it works for the other species-age groups.  

Do percent differences for all. Log for gamma, plogis for binomial (not needed).  

If you just take the mean and sd of the T, then you get CIs < 0.  Probably need to get random effects. Figured this out - see Pam_figs_new.R

Write and produce graphs.  Compare with what Kristin has done.  Kristin made a lot of figures but there's lots of redundancy.  See what is of value and reproduce.  Not much there - I have everything that I need.
I did the Density/biomass v Year with above and below as jittered CIs.
- Just do the all salmonids graph. Done
- need to supress x and y axis and legend as required for main fig. Done